"Two million ninety-one thousand to four hundred and forty-two people. We accumulated the mantra of
the Buddha Shakyamuni, the great completion one.
Buddha's mantra, so we dedicate, is made as which I need his prayer, for all peace, among them, the
joy, and then also good health, prospering every living things.
And also there's no more wars, fighting, arguing, curling, disturbance to each other. And also, I
wish and pray we dedicate, it is made.
Partly the balance of all the elements, there's no more natural disasters, sicknesses, and wars. I
mean, all those really rich and purple.
Everyone has good health, joy, peace, a long life, prosperity. And it's complete, their heart
filled with joy and peace,
and happiness, and a very pernicious and respectful appreciation.
As the Buddha, the Buddha is the embodiment of peace, and harmony, and joy, and respect, and also
passion, and tolerance.
That's what the Buddha Shakyamuni is. And it's just beautiful activity, and being as simple as
normal, as a regular person, that's what Buddha is.
So really wish every living being should talk to the Earth, and have kind of good, decent dignity
of the human values, and values of all living beings.
Kind of wish that, so we accumulate this money. So really wish that.
So as we pray, as we dedicate, this merit, and so by the blessings of the Buddha, all the wishes
that we chime in happen, sincerely, in the presence of all, the Buddha's body suffers.
And so, that's it, the announcement, and it's a very good fulfillment of the mantra.
Accumulating, and this is the very, year is a very special day for those who follow in the teaching
of the Buddha,
have the money part, because of the Gurga Maasambhava, and this year is the very special year of
the Gurga Maasambhava.
So, we dedicate, and listen to it.